Deprecate Windows x86-32 JEP Proposal (#9)
microsoft/openjdk-proposals: deprecate_32_bit/Deprecate_32-bit_Proposal_JEP.md

Summary
-------
 
Deprecate the Windows x86-32 port, with the intent to remove it in a future release.

Goals
-----

> The proposal has the following goals: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proposal has the following goals:

```

> 1. Enhance the build system to issue an error message when an attempt is made to configure a build for one of the deprecated port. The error message will be suppressible via a new configuration option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enhance the build system to issue an error message when an attempt is made to configure a build for the deprecated port. The error message will be suppressible via a new configuration option.
```

1. Mark the port, and related port-specific features, as deprecated for removal in the relevant JDK documentation.

Non-Goals
---------
1. It is not a goal of this JEP to change the status of the affected port in any prior release. The earliest release to which this JEP could be targeted is JDK 21.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 
Motivation
----------

> Dropping support for this port will enable contributors in the OpenJDK Community to accelerate the development of new features that will move the platform forward. Windows 10 (the last Windows operating system to support a 32-bit installation) will reach EOL on October 14, 2025, and I believe a major part of Java workloads on Windows 32-bit is running older versions of Java without any forecast for upgrading to modern, post OpenJDK 17, versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dropping support for this port will enable contributors in the OpenJDK Community to accelerate the development of new features that will move the platform forward. Windows 10 (the last Windows operating system to support a 32-bit installation) will reach EOL on October 14, 2025, and Microsoft believes that Java workloads on Windows 32-bit are running older versions of Java without any plans for upgrading to modern (OpenJDK 17+) versions.
```

> Another motivation factor is that there is currently no implementation of [JEP 436 (Virtual Threads)](https://openjdk.org/jeps/436) for 32-bit platforms and without a vendor stepping forward to implement this it's unlikelty that vendors will be able to continue supporting the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another motivation is that there is currently no implementation of [JEP 436 (Virtual Threads)](https://openjdk.org/jeps/436) for 32-bit platforms and without a vendor stepping forward to implement this it's unlikelty that vendors will be able to continue supporting the platform.
```

> Another motivation factor is that there is currently no implementation of [JEP 436 (Virtual Threads)](https://openjdk.org/jeps/436) for 32-bit platforms and without a vendor stepping forward to implement this it's unlikelty that vendors will be able to continue supporting the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another motivation factor is that there is currently no implementation of [JEP 436 (Virtual Threads)](https://openjdk.org/jeps/436) for 32-bit platforms and without a vendor stepping forward to implement this it's unlikely that OpenJDK will be able to continue supporting the platform.
```

> The main focus of this JEP is to deprecate the Windows x86 port but this JEP could also extend deprecate Linux at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main focus of this JEP is to deprecate the Windows x86 port.
```
